Previously, you were introduced to rule number one for
increasing the predictability of state within the store.
Have a collection of events that can occur in
the application which will change the state of the store.
Now, what does this actually look like?
Let's say we were building a to-do list app.
One event that would change the state of the store would be
when the user adds a new item to their to-do list.
How might we go about representing that as an event?
What if we just use an object with a type property that describes the event taking place?
So in our example,
that object might look like this.
It's just a plain object with a type property that indicates what type of event occurred.
Now, we could add any information we want into
the event just by adding a property to the object.
The add to-do event took place but what was the to do that was actually added?
We can add a to-do property and include the to-dos name and information.
If I delete that to do,
what event might this be?
Well, I would probably label it a REMOVE_TODO event.
And how do we know which to do was removed?
We'll pass along the to-do items id.
Similarly, marking an item as "completed" would toggle its state.
This event of toggling the state might look like this object.
So, we have these objects that record the events that have happened.
Let's give a name to these objects,
we'll call them "actions" because they're the type of actions which
can occur in the app which will change the application state.
Now, what if we wanted to add another feature to our app?
Let's say instead of just adding short-term to-do items,
we also wanted the user to be able to add long-term goals.
The action for adding a goal might look something like this.
Notice that the type property is ADD_GOAL,
and a goal property is being passed along.
And just like deleting a to-do,
we need an action to represent the event of deleting a goal.
See how descriptive that is?
We will never be able to confuse this action with the removed to do actions.
All actions must have a type property.
Now, what we've done is we've created a collection
of all of the actions which can change the state of our app.
If the state of our app changes,
we'll know that one of those actions occurred.